we've got tips and recipes for healthy
living
so for fun and inspirational and join us
in the raw food world
how would you like to be sleeping in a
room where you have this type of view
mosquito netting there's a mosquito
netting in here like we're going to have
because you can just practically open
the entire room so it's like an outdoor
place unbelievable this is the guest
house guest house the guest house the
guy doing it put it together this is an
outdoor shower yeah look it honey can
sit here and watch are you sitting here
okay how cool is this looks like a
mushroom a little seat mm-hmm dick
clever I'm coming oh my god this is
crazy hey how about this this is the
bathtub and you could look right through
this window where is designed all this
these are just chips up these are all
local branches oh my god it's the roof
honey we couldn't even come we jumped
right into this house they went crazy
for your little house all right everyone
a mad dash because everybody has to be
back in town or 15 minutes I know but
they want this is crazy
oh what a great time hey Brian where'd
you get this turtle these are like
Harvard effect these are really old
house mirrors new it's marble here
pieces are marble and the clip over
there yeah that said there's just
gorgeous and all the tile work you know
she did that yeah this is marble here
she just lays a somber note on worker
puts it together yeah but isn't that
cold ever walk is your surgery soap dish
is like the greatest but this is really
close with me she's out here let me turn
it on let's locked anyway well yeah
looks for that door you can see me a
mountain oh yeah which is the sweetheart
of mondongo is the feminine we're going
on a brain yeah
we haven't showed the TV shows that many
plans yeah they sent their going to
freak out you know a lot of people look
at how beautiful this is it's too bad
this video oh you're we saw a picture of
this you did my when you come back all
right kids lady hit the rock hey it's
the road there's our taxi waiting for us
these views are just like the norm now
it's not too good to get used to
thanks again at the roofie world